[IMP] purchase: replace vendor bills screenshots (#9312)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/purchase/manage_deals/manage.rst

the purchase order have actually been received.

To activate it, go to :menuselection:`Purchase app --> Configuration --> Settings`, and scroll down

> to the :guilabel:`Invoicing` section. Then, check the box next to :guilabel:`3-way matching`, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the :guilabel:`Invoicing` section. Then, tick the checkbox next to :guilabel:`3-way matching`, and
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

>    :guilabel:`User Error` pop-up to appear. The :guilabel:`Purchase Order` requires the receipt of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`User Error` pop-up message to appear. The :guilabel:`Purchase Order` requires the receipt of
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   at least partial quantity of the items included on the order to create a vendor bill.

>    .. image:: manage/manage-user-error-popup.png

Reviewer 2: making the comment here since I can't comment on that line, but in lines 52-53 the instruction says
> Then, check the box next to :guilabel:`3-way matching: purchases, receptions, and bills`,

but I think it's just "3-way matching" now
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/7e55574a-3cd3-479d-af5c-c25bd27903dc)

Author: You're right, nice catch! Suggestion implemented ✅
